0x06-python-classes/README.md, before:

# Comments are requred

# Task 0. My first square
	Write an empty class Square that defines a square:
	You are not allowed to import any module
# Task 1.Square with size
    Write a class Square that defines a square by: (based on 0-square.py)

    Private instance attribute: size
    Instantiation with size (no type/value verification)
    You are not allowed to import any module
    Why?
# Task 2: Size validation
    Write a class Square that defines a square by: (based on 1-square.py)

    Private instance attribute: size
    Instantiation with optional size: def __init__(self, size=0):
    size must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message size must be an integer
    if size is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message size must be >= 0
    You are not allowed to import any module
# task 3: Area of a square
    Write a class Square that defines a square by: (based on 2-square.py)

    Private instance attribute: size
    Instantiation with optional size: def __init__(self, size=0):
    size must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message size must be an integer
    if size is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message size must be >= 0
    Public instance method: def area(self): that returns the current square area
    You are not allowed to import any module

Commit message:

Access and update private attribute

0x06-python-classes/README.md, after:

# Comments are requred

# Task 0. My first square
	Write an empty class Square that defines a square:
	You are not allowed to import any module
# Task 1.Square with size
    Write a class Square that defines a square by: (based on 0-square.py)

    Private instance attribute: size
    Instantiation with size (no type/value verification)
    You are not allowed to import any module
    Why?
# Task 2: Size validation
    Write a class Square that defines a square by: (based on 1-square.py)

    Private instance attribute: size
    Instantiation with optional size: def __init__(self, size=0):
    size must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message size must be an integer
    if size is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message size must be >= 0
    You are not allowed to import any module
# Task 3: Area of a square
    Write a class Square that defines a square by: (based on 2-square.py)

    Private instance attribute: size
    Instantiation with optional size: def __init__(self, size=0):
    size must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message size must be an integer
    if size is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with the message size must be >= 0
    Public instance method: def area(self): that returns the current square area
    You are not allowed to import any module

# Task 4: Access and update private attributes
    Write a class Square that defines a square by: (based on 3-square.py)

    Private instance attribute: size:
    property def size(self): to retrieve it
    property setter def size(self, value): to set it:
    size must be an integer, otherwise raise a TypeError exception
    with the message size must be an integer
    if size is less than 0, raise a ValueError exception with--
    the message size must be >= 0
    Instantiation with optional size: def __init__(self, size=0):
    Public instance method: def area(self): that returns the current square area
    You are not allowed to import any module
