0x0A-python-inheritance/README.md, before:

# 0x0A-python-inheritance - ALX Higher Learning
# Task 0: Look up
a function that returns the list of available attributes and methods of an object:
Prototype: def lookup(obj):
Returns a list object
# Task 1# Implimenting MyList() that inherits from list
Public instance method: def print_sorted(self): that prints the list, but sorted (ascending sort)
# Task 2# Exact same object
Write a function that returns True if the object is exactly an instance of the specified class ; otherwise False.
Prototype: def is_same_class(obj, a_class):
# Task 3: Same class or inherit from
rite a function that returns True if the object is an instance of,
or if the object is an instance of a class that inherited from, the specified class ; otherwise False.
Prototype: def is_kind_of_class(obj, a_class):
# Task 4:Only a subclass
Prototype: def is_kind_of_class(obj, a_class):
Write a function that returns True if the object is an instance of,
or if the object is an instance of a class that inherited from,
the specified class ; otherwise False.
Prototype: def is_kind_of_class(obj, a_class):
You are not allowed to import any module
# Task 5:Geometry Module
Write an empty class of BaseGeometry
class BaseGeometry():

# Task 6:Improve Geometry


# Task 4:

Commit message:

Implements Geometry, and validates the parameters

0x0A-python-inheritance/README.md, after:

# 0x0A-python-inheritance - ALX Higher Learning
# Task 0: Look up
a function that returns the list of available attributes and methods of an object:
Prototype: def lookup(obj):
Returns a list object
# Task 1# Implimenting MyList() that inherits from list
Public instance method: def print_sorted(self): that prints the list, but sorted (ascending sort)
# Task 2# Exact same object
Write a function that returns True if the object is exactly an instance of the specified class ; otherwise False.
Prototype: def is_same_class(obj, a_class):
# Task 3: Same class or inherit from
rite a function that returns True if the object is an instance of,
or if the object is an instance of a class that inherited from, the specified class ; otherwise False.
Prototype: def is_kind_of_class(obj, a_class):
# Task 4:Only a subclass
Prototype: def is_kind_of_class(obj, a_class):
Write a function that returns True if the object is an instance of,
or if the object is an instance of a class that inherited from,
the specified class ; otherwise False.
Prototype: def is_kind_of_class(obj, a_class):
You are not allowed to import any module
# Task 5:Geometry Module
Write an empty class of BaseGeometry
class BaseGeometry():

# Task 6:Improve Geometry
Write a class BaseGeometry (based on 5-base_geometry.py).
Public instance method: def area(self):
that raises an Exception with the message area() is not implemented
You are not allowed to import any module

# Task 4:
