0x07-python-test_driven_development/README.md, before:

# TEST DRIVEN DEVELOPMENT
# Task 0: Integers addition
    Write a function that adds 2 integers.
    Prototype: def add_integer(a, b=98):
    a and b must be integers or floats, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message a must be an integer or b must be an integer
    a and b must be first casted to integers if they are float
    Returns an integer: the addition of a and b
    You are not allowed to import any module

# Task 1 skipped (Not available on ALX)
# Task  2.Divide a matrix
    Write a function that divides all elements of a matrix.
    Prototype: def matrix_divided(matrix, div):
    matrix must be a list of lists of integers or floats,
    otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message matrix must be a matrix (list of lists) of integers/floats
    Each row of the matrix must be of the same size,
    otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message Each row of the matrix must have the same size
    div must be a number (integer or float),
    otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message div must be a number
    div can’t be equal to 0,
    otherwise raise a ZeroDivisionError exception with the message division by zero
    All elements of the matrix should be divided by div, rounded to 2 decimal places
    Returns a new matrix
    You are not allowed to import any module

# Task 3. Write a function that prints My name
    Write a function that prints My name is <first name> <last name>
    Prototype: def say_my_name(first_name, last_name=""):
    first_name and last_name must be strings otherwise, raise a TypeError exception with the message first_name must be a string or last_name must be a string
    You are not allowed to import any module

Commit message:

a function taht prints a text with 2 new lines after each of defined characters is encountered

0x07-python-test_driven_development/README.md, after:

# TEST DRIVEN DEVELOPMENT
# Task 0: Integers addition
    Write a function that adds 2 integers.
    Prototype: def add_integer(a, b=98):
    a and b must be integers or floats, otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message a must be an integer or b must be an integer
    a and b must be first casted to integers if they are float
    Returns an integer: the addition of a and b
    You are not allowed to import any module

# Task 1 skipped (Not available on ALX)
# Task  2.Divide a matrix
    Write a function that divides all elements of a matrix.
    Prototype: def matrix_divided(matrix, div):
    matrix must be a list of lists of integers or floats,
    otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message matrix must be a matrix (list of lists) of integers/floats
    Each row of the matrix must be of the same size,
    otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message Each row of the matrix must have the same size
    div must be a number (integer or float),
    otherwise raise a TypeError exception with the message div must be a number
    div can’t be equal to 0,
    otherwise raise a ZeroDivisionError exception with the message division by zero
    All elements of the matrix should be divided by div, rounded to 2 decimal places
    Returns a new matrix
    You are not allowed to import any module

# Task 3. Write a function that prints My name
    Write a function that prints My name is <first name> <last name>
    Prototype: def say_my_name(first_name, last_name=""):
    first_name and last_name must be strings otherwise, 
	raise a TypeError exception with the message,
	 first_name must be a string or last_name must be a string
    You are not allowed to import any module
# Task 4.Text Identation
	Write a function that prints a text with 2 new lines after
	each of these characters .,? and :
	prototype: def text_identation(text)
	text must be a string
	There should be no space at teh start or at the end of each printed line
