0x05-python-exceptions/README.md, before:

#Task 0. Safe list printing
    Write a function that prints x elements of a list.
    Prototype: def safe_print_list(my_list=[], x=0):
    my_list can contain any type (integer, string, etc.)
    All elements must be printed on the same line followed by a new line.
    x represents the number of elements to print
    x can be bigger than the length of my_list
    Returns the real number of elements printed
    You have to use try: / except:
    You are not allowed to import any module
    You are not allowed to use len()
# Task 1: Safe printing of an integers list
    Write a function that prints an integer with "{:d}".format().
    Prototype: def safe_print_integer(value):
    value can be any type (integer, string, etc.)
    The integer should be printed followed by a new line
    Returns True if value has been correctly printed (it means the value is an integer)
    Otherwise, returns False
    You have to use try: / except:
    You have to use "{:d}".format() to print as integer
    You are not allowed to import any module
    You are not allowed to use type()
#

Commit message:

Removed test print on 0-safe_print_list.py

0x05-python-exceptions/README.md, after:

#Task 0. Safe list printing
    Write a function that prints x elements of a list.
    Prototype: def safe_print_list(my_list=[], x=0):
    my_list can contain any type (integer, string, etc.)
    All elements must be printed on the same line followed by a new line.
    x represents the number of elements to print
    x can be bigger than the length of my_list
    Returns the real number of elements printed
    You have to use try: / except:
    You are not allowed to import any module
    You are not allowed to use len()
# Task 1: Safe printing of an integers list
    Write a function that prints an integer with "{:d}".format().
    Prototype: def safe_print_integer(value):
    value can be any type (integer, string, etc.)
    The integer should be printed followed by a new line
    Returns True if value has been correctly printed (it means the value is an integer)
    Otherwise, returns False
    You have to use try: / except:
    You have to use "{:d}".format() to print as integer
    You are not allowed to import any module
    You are not allowed to use type()
# Task 2:Print and count integerWrite a function that prints the first x elements of a list and only integers.
    Prototype: def safe_print_list_integers(my_list=[], x=0):
    my_list can contain any type (integer, string, etc.)
    All integers have to be printed on the same line followed by a new line - other type of value in the list must be skipped (in silence).
    x represents the number of elements to access in my_list
    x can be bigger than the length of my_list - if it’s the case, an exception is expected to occur
    Returns the real number of integers printed
    You have to use try: / except:
    You have to use "{:d}".format() to print an integer
    You are not allowed to import any module
    You are not allowed to use len()
