0x04-python-more_data_structures/README.md, before:

# Task 0: Squared simple
    Write a function that computes the square value of all integers of a matrix.
    Prototype: def square_matrix_simple(matrix=[]):
    matrix is a 2 dimensional array
    Returns a new matrix:
    Same size as matrix
    Each value should be the square of the value of the input
    Initial matrix should not be modified
    You are not allowed to import any module
    You are allowed to use regular loops, map, etc.
# Task 1:
    Write a function that replaces all occurrences of an element by another in a new list.
    Prototype: def search_replace(my_list, search, replace):
    my_list is the initial list
    search is the element to replace in the list
    replace is the new element
    You are not allowed to import any module
# Task 2: Unique addition
    Write a function that adds all unique integers in a list (only once for each integer).
    Prototype: def uniq_add(my_list=[]):
    You are not allowed to import any module
# Task 3 : Present in both
    Write a function that returns a set of common elements in two sets.
    Prototype: def common_elements(set_1, set_2):
    You are not allowed to import any module
    guillaume@ubuntu:~/0x04$ cat 3-main.py
# Task 4: Only differents(Uonion)
    Write a function that returns a set of all elements present in only one set.
    Prototype: def only_diff_elements(set_1, set_2):
    You are not allowed to import any module
# Task 5: Number of Keys
    Write a function that returns the number of keys in a dictionary.
    Prototype: def number_keys(a_dictionary):
    You are not allowed to import any module

Commit message:

a function that prints a dictionary by ordered keys.

0x04-python-more_data_structures/README.md, after:

# Task 0: Squared simple
    Write a function that computes the square value of all integers of a matrix.
    Prototype: def square_matrix_simple(matrix=[]):
    matrix is a 2 dimensional array
    Returns a new matrix:
    Same size as matrix
    Each value should be the square of the value of the input
    Initial matrix should not be modified
    You are not allowed to import any module
    You are allowed to use regular loops, map, etc.
# Task 1:
    Write a function that replaces all occurrences of an element by another in a new list.
    Prototype: def search_replace(my_list, search, replace):
    my_list is the initial list
    search is the element to replace in the list
    replace is the new element
    You are not allowed to import any module
# Task 2: Unique addition
    Write a function that adds all unique integers in a list (only once for each integer).
    Prototype: def uniq_add(my_list=[]):
    You are not allowed to import any module
# Task 3 : Present in both
    Write a function that returns a set of common elements in two sets.
    Prototype: def common_elements(set_1, set_2):
    You are not allowed to import any module
    guillaume@ubuntu:~/0x04$ cat 3-main.py
# Task 4: Only differents
    Write a function that returns a set of all elements present in only one set.
    Prototype: def only_diff_elements(set_1, set_2):
    You are not allowed to import any module
# Task 5: Number of Keys
    Write a function that returns the number of keys in a dictionary.
    Prototype: def number_keys(a_dictionary):
    You are not allowed to import any module
# Task 6 Print sorted dictionary****
    Write a function that prints a dictionary by ordered keys.
    Prototype: def print_sorted_dictionary(a_dictionary):
    You can assume that all keys are strings
    Keys should be sorted by alphabetic order
    Only sort keys of the first level (don’t sort keys of a dictionary inside the main dictionary)
    Dictionary values can have any type
    You are not allowed to import any module
#
