0x00-python-hello_world/README.md, before:

# Alx-high_level_programming
# Task 0:Run Python file
    Write a Shell script that runs a Python script.
    The Python file name will be saved in the environment
    variable $PYFILE
    guillaume@ubuntu:~/py/0x00$ cat main.py 
    #!/usr/bin/python3
    print("Best School")

# Task 1:Run inline
    mandatory
    Score: 0.00% (Checks completed: 0.00%)
    Write a Shell script that runs Python code.
    The Python code will be saved in the environment variable $PYCODE
    guillaume@ubuntu:~/py/0x00$ export PYCODE='print(f"Best School: {88+10}")'

# Task :2. Hello, print
    mandatory
    Score: 0.00% (Checks completed: 0.00%)
    Write a Python script that prints exactly
    "Programming is like building a multilingual puzzle,
    followed by a new line.
    Use the function print

# Task :3. Print integer
    complete given code to output 98 Battery street

# Task :4. Print float
    complete the source code in order to print the 
    float stored in the variable number with a precision of 2 digits.
    You can find the source code here
    The output of the program should be:
    Float:, followed by the float with only 2 digits

# Task : 5

Commit message:

print a string stored in str , 3 times

0x00-python-hello_world/README.md, after:

# Alx-high_level_programming
# Task 0:Run Python file
    Write a Shell script that runs a Python script.
    The Python file name will be saved in the environment
    variable $PYFILE
    guillaume@ubuntu:~/py/0x00$ cat main.py 
    #!/usr/bin/python3
    print("Best School")

# Task 1:Run inline
    mandatory
    Score: 0.00% (Checks completed: 0.00%)
    Write a Shell script that runs Python code.
    The Python code will be saved in the environment variable $PYCODE
    guillaume@ubuntu:~/py/0x00$ export PYCODE='print(f"Best School: {88+10}")'

# Task :2. Hello, print
    mandatory
    Score: 0.00% (Checks completed: 0.00%)
    Write a Python script that prints exactly
    "Programming is like building a multilingual puzzle,
    followed by a new line.
    Use the function print

# Task :3. Print integer
    complete given code to output 98 Battery street

# Task :4. Print float
    complete the source code in order to print the 
    float stored in the variable number with a precision of 2 digits.
    You can find the source code here
    The output of the program should be:
    Float:, followed by the float with only 2 digits

# Task : 5. Print string
    Complete this source code in order to print
    3 times a string stored in the variable str
